Added Viva Core Information (#1013)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-O365ITPro: yammer/manage-yammer-users/manage-users-across-their-lifecycle.md

![Diagram that shows new process for creating a Yammer user, where the new user is created automically as "pending" in Yammer](../media/yam_newuserprocess.jpg)

> > [!Note]
> > If you have Viva Core licensed to your users, they will instead show up as 'active' instead of 'pending'.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> [!NOTE]
> If you have Viva Core licensed to your users, they will appear as **Active** instead of **Pending**.
```
